this is less one judgment and I'm here
with the updated zombie deck starting
off high-level zombies a too little
blood three wheel cookie a littles the
three zombie masters three zuki three
pyramid turtle three plates for zombies
to dublin zombie and giant rat monsters
those three book life too little Gardens
two parts a pattern
to creat your spot to foolish burial a
burial from a different dimension
monster reborn Eddie storm and lightning
vortex and traps got one mere force and
turrets of tribute and three sound
judgment and last is the extra deck
three Stardust Dragon 2 red dragon
Archfiend to roller Archfiend pull your
Viking ha des to doom ties a dragon to
boil Guardian and an iron chain dragon
please rate comment subscribe